Hello everybody
with you like chocolate
today in this video tutorials and i will teach you
attach domain to site
m that's just this topic for stock contests
Yukos
for this, I will go to sing the abandoned site
close advertising
Vadim in the control panel battle we enter
in profile
and now in the control panel
we enter
role and secret code
now push domain transfer
this domain is attached
now it is backed by a peak i will teach you
attach
now this point of this professor is skin
so I made the answer to the secret
question
now get out after attaching
the third is the forging peak we need the second
lego of this open site BC
push
entrance a
if you need to register it is not
registered
shake
my domains
here shown in the list of all we are poor
we need this merkind
and click on
add domain
what would add domains to this list
but copy
not to write
now we insert this field
click to attach domain
now we have to wait
here's the attachment successfully completed
text on successful completion begin
attach domain
total domain affiliate will be attached
for fifteen minutes
fortunately luggage what will happen if you go by
this domain name
skype is written
supervised several more
for this request
this text is like an error text
which will come out
indicates that you need to wait
however 15 minutes
this process usually lasts from five to
fifteen minutes
the lesson is over